## Elastic Search Real-Time Body-Tracking-Data Documents Acquisition and Simple Detection.

Obtain body-tracking-data from Elastic Search in real-time.  The body tracking data is constantly being pushed to Elastic Search from another location via Filebeat and Logstash.  The tracking data is originally acquired on the edge by one or more Kinect 4 Azure camera(s) using artificial intelligence to detect and track the body joints of human subjects in that environment.
To make this work, use the following two scripts:
1.	 elasticBodTracking2csv_RT_T60420g.py.  This script fetches the data from Elastic Search and saves to a csv file.  It obtains the latest data in batches.  The number of documents per batch can be varied.  Also, the amount of time to go back (i.e. the last 30 seconds) to retrieve documents can be adjusted.  Depending on the connection throughput, a small delay of approximately 6 seconds needs to be incorporated before the next batch is fetched.  Finally, the number of fetching cycles can be adjusted.  This number determines how long the code will execute.  On our local configuration, we optimized these parameters for a batch of 100 documents from the index, 20 seconds of data, and 6 second wait time between fetching operations.  For this example, 25 fetching cycles were used.  This creates some overlap in the data, but it helps to include redundancy and better resolution.
2.	stripChartELK_T8.py.  This script reads the CSV data and creates a strip chart of the data being acquired from Elastic Search in real-time.  For this example, we displayed the position (displacement) data versus time of the pelvis and head of one human subject; also, in real-time, we detect whether there is motion in the person by obtaining an average speed (time-rate-of-change) of the position versus time.  
